#Web Crawle-r
#A Web crawler is a computer program that browses the World Wide Web in a methodical, automated manner or in an orderly fashion. Web crawling is an important method for collecting data on, and keeping up with, the rapidly expanding Internet. A vast number of web pages are continually being added every day, and information is constantly changing. This Paper is an overview of various types of Web Crawlers and the policies like selection, revisit, politeness, parallelization involved in it. The behavioral pattern of the Web crawler based on these policies is also taken for the study. The evolution of these web crawler from Basic general purpose web crawler to the latest Adaptive web crawler is studied. Web scraping (web harvesting or web data extraction) is data scraping used for extracting data from websites. Web scraping software may access the World Wide Web directly using the Hypertext Transfer Protocol, or through a web browser. While web scraping can be done manually by a software user, the term typically refers to automated processes implemented using a bot or web crawler. It is a form of copying, in which specific data is gathered and copied from the web, typically into a central local database or spreadsheet, for later retrieval or analysis.Web scraping a web page involves fetching it and extracting from it. Fetching is the downloading of a page (which a browser does when you view the page). Therefore, web crawling is a main component of web scraping, to fetch pages for later processing. Once fetched, then extraction can take place. The content of a page may be parsed, searched, reformatted, its data copied into a spreadsheet, and so on. Web scrapers typically take something out of a page, to make use of it for another purpose somewhere else. An example would be to find and copy names and phone numbers, or companies and their URLs, to a list (contact scraping).Web scraping is used for contact scraping, and as a component of applications used for web indexing, data mining, online price change monitoring and price comparison, product review scraping (to watch the competition), gathering real estate listings, weather data monitoring, website change detection, research, tracking online presence and reputation, web mashup and, web data integration.
